{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf320
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9860\viewh13980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs30 \cf0 CS148 Correspondence Editor Instructions
\fs24 \

\b0 \
This is an "as-is" binary distribution of a solution to assignment 3 that implements some of the extra credit requirements to function as a feature correspondence editor for the Grand Metamorphosis assignment.  It has been built under 3 different platforms:  Mac OS X (v10.6 with Xcode 3.2.4), MS Windows (32-bit with VS2008 Express), and Linux (64-bit on the myth machines).  Follow the instructions below for running it on each platform.\
\
If you're having difficulties getting the program to run (it's pretty likely), try checking/posting on Piazzza.  If you've been trying to troubleshoot it for hours and are really desperate, or for some reason really need the application on a different platform, you can send an email to Sonny.  Brendan also has an alternate version of the editor that you may have more luck with.\
\
If you're willing to distribute versions of your own correspondence editor (source or binary) with the capabilities needed for assignment 4, please do share!\
\

\b General
\b0 \
\
Edit config.txt first to fill in the fields with the names of your images and desired feature files.  Make sure the images are 512x512 pixels in size.  Then launch the program according to the instructions for the platform below.  When finished, copy config.txt, the saved features file, and your images to your Metamorphosis project directory.\
\

\b Mac OS X
\b0 \
\
You need to run this program from the Terminal!!!  Because of it way it reads resource files, double-clicking on editor-osx from the finder will not work!  Open a terminal, go to the directory where you unpacked editor.zip, and just type "./editor-osx".\
\
If the above does not work, try the standalone version of the application, Editor.app.  It should be a bona-fide Mac OS X application (almost\'85 still some hacks in there), so you can just double-click "Editor" from the Finder.\
\

\b MS Windows
\b0 \
\
Lucky you, because you should be able to double-click editor-win32.exe to launch the program.  If you're not using Visual Studio 2008 already, you may also need to install the VS2008 redistributable.\
\

\b Linux
\b0 \
\
The editor was compiled on the myth machines, so you may have to go to Gates B08 to do the correspondence editing.  The executable may also run on your own 64-bit Linux installations, but no guarantees!\
\
}